Ansible security (#8)
elastisys/security-review: Ansible-security.md

> 1. Ansible Server:

Reviewer: I'm unaware of "Ansible Server". Do you mean [Ansible control node](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/network/getting_started/basic_concepts.html#control-node)?

Author: Yes cristian , I meant ansible control node

    - Where is your ansible server located? 
    - Who has access to it? 
    - How do you minimize the access to the ansible server to a limited number of users.
2. Ansible Vault:

>     - Do you use ansible-vault to encrypt the ansible playbook? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Do you use Ansible-vault to encrypt sensitive data in Ansible playbooks? 
```

Author: Thanks cristian for correcting it :)

    - Where is the ansible vault password stored?

> 3. Is SSH allowed only from the specific source address to the ansible server?

Reviewer 2: Technology neutrality here would be better, I think. Something like:

What network-level security solution is in place for safeguarding access to the Ansible server (e.g., SSH, VPN)?

Author: Thanks  Lars !! i have done the required changes in the checklist.

> 4. Is a HashiCorp’s Vault used for storing the secrets? How are secrets rotated?

Reviewer 2: I think this should be more technology neutral, and not call out to Hashicorp Vault specifically. What we really want to know is (a) how secrets are stored and (b) how often they are rotated. So replace with those two questions instead. :)

Author: As suggested , edited the question.
